Update monitor-connectivity.md (#6274)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/monitor-connectivity.md

|Type of monitoring |Description |
|:-----|:-----|
|**Getting notified of new Microsoft 365 endpoints** <br/> |If you're [Managing Microsoft 365 endpoints](https://support.office.com/article/99cab9d4-ef59-4207-9f2b-3728eb46bf9a), you'll want to receive notifications when we publish new endpoints, you can subscribe to our RSS feed using your favorite RSS reader. Here is how to [subscribe via Outlook](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=532416) or you can [have the RSS feed updates emailed to you](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=532417).  <br/> |

> |**Use System Center to Monitor Microsoft 365** <br/> |If you're using Microsoft System Center, you can download the [Microsoft System Center Operations Manager Management Pack for Microsoft 365](hhttps://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=103379) to begin monitoring Microsoft 365 today. For more detailed guidance, please see the management pack operations guide. <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Use System Center to Monitor Microsoft 365** <br/> |If you're using Microsoft System Center, you can download the [Microsoft System Center Operations Manager Management Pack for Microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=103379) to begin monitoring Microsoft 365 today. For more detailed guidance, please see the management pack operations guide. <br/> |
```
